README.md, before:

# linode-cloud-controller-manager


[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager/)
[![Slack](http://slack.kubernetes.io/badge.svg)](http://slack.kubernetes.io/#linode)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/linode.svg?style=social&logo=twitter&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=linode)

[Kubernetes Cloud Controller Manager For Linode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/running-cloud-controller/).

**Work In Progress** This project is currently not supported.  Use at your own risk.

## Kubernetes Supported Versions

Kubernetes 1.9+

## Contribution guidelines


## Support

To receive product announcements, follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/linode).

If you have found a bug with the Linode Cloud Controller Manager or want to request for new features, please [file an issue](https://github.com/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager/issues/new).

For general help or discussion, join us in the [Kubernetes Slack team](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/CD4B15LUR/details/) channel `#linode`. To sign up, use the [Kubernetes Slack inviter](http://slack.kubernetes.io/).

The [Linode Community](https://www.linode.com/community/questions/) is a great place to get additional support.

Commit message:

Add contributor info (#2)
* make the WIP warning stronger

* first cut at writing a contributors doc

* refine for the fork and pull PR instructions

* use a more durable reference for how to contribute to open source

* bubble up the kubernetes community to the readme

README.md, after:

# linode-cloud-controller-manager


[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linode/linode-cloud-controller-manager/)
[![Slack](http://slack.kubernetes.io/badge.svg)](http://slack.kubernetes.io/#linode)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/linode.svg?style=social&logo=twitter&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=linode)

[Kubernetes Cloud Controller Manager For Linode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/running-cloud-controller/).

## Work In Progress
This project is currently not supported.  Use at your own risk. Contributions welcome!

## Kubernetes Supported Versions

Kubernetes 1.9+

## Contribution Guidelines

Want to improve the linode-cloud-controller-manager? Please start [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Join the Kubernetes Community

For general help or discussion, join the [Kubernetes Slack team](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/CD4B15LUR/details/) channel `#linode`. To sign up, use the [Kubernetes Slack inviter](http://slack.kubernetes.io/).

The [Linode Community](https://www.linode.com/community/questions/) is a great place to get additional support.
